Validation: Added msauthor and Table Headers (#226)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/styling/map-style-sheet-entries.md

---
title: Map Style Sheet Entries | Microsoft Docs

> description: The entries listed below can be used in a map style sheet to customize the appearance of a map in various Microsoft map controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A list of settings and elements that can be used in a map style sheet to customize the appearance of a map in various Microsoft map controls. They can also be used to define how overlaid geometry on a map should be represented.
```
